hey there and welcome to today's episode
of build your tribe where we are going
to be talking about how you can make 40
pieces of content for Instagram in one
hour or less in today's episode I'm
going to be sharing with you my favorite
AI tools some of which you may not heard
of before some of which you've
definitely heard of like chat GPT but
I'm going to be sharing with you my
specific tips and strategies to get the
most out of these tools today is all
about creating as many posts as possible
in the least amount of time possible and
my goal for you is 40 posts in 60
minutes but some of you overachievers
might be able to do 50 60 even more in
under an
[Music]
hour one of my favorite quotes related
to Ai and to be totally honest handup
accountability right now I don't know
who came up with this quote or who the
first person was to say it but it
essentially goes as such you won't be
replaced by AI but you will be replaced
by someone who is using Ai and I believe
that's absolutely the truth I recently
made a post on my Instagram about one of
the AI tools I'm going to share with you
today and I was a little bit surprised
to see that a lot of people in the
comments were scared overwhelmed nervous
about the future and while I totally
understand that feeling I also want to
encourage all of you that AI if used
correctly if used ethically can be a
very powerful and helpful tool it's
something that can really Aid and
complement your content creation to not
just allow you to create more content
but to help you create better content I
think there are so many misconceptions
relating to artificial intelligence and
one of the biggest ones specifically
regarding artificial intelligence and
content creation is that content that's
made by AI is very generic and Bland and
boring it lacks personality and
originality and authenticity and while I
will absolutely admit that's definitely
true the majority of the time it doesn't
have to be that way and really the
output that is generated by AI has a lot
to do with the inputs that we are giving
and so a lot of what I'm going to share
with you today relates to what inputs
you're giving Ai and what prompts you're
feeding into chat GPT in order to get
better output and also I think it's
important to note that every single
thing I'm sharing with you today are
actual strategies that I use myself and
strategies that I would recommend and do
recommend to my students in the insta
clubhub I'm not just talking about AI
because it's a trending topic and it's
popular right now I'm talking about
these tools because they legitimately
help me on a day-to-day week by- week
basis save time create more content and
create better content now I know I
mentioned a moment ago that prompts are
really the key here the better prompts
or the better input that you're putting
in the better output you're going to put
out so I have put together a list of 16
free chat GPT prompts you can grab that
down below in the show notes again
totally free 16 prompts that can apply
to pretty much any Niche you just plug
in your own information and then you're
going to get better outputs from chat GP
with all that being said let's get to
the actual strategy how can you create
40 posts for Instagram in less than 60
Minutes number one don't create and I
know that sounds confusing because I
also said that we're going to create 40
posts in 60 minutes however I think that
a lot of us content creators and
business owners forget that we don't
have to constantly be Reinventing the
wheel and becoming up with more and more
new fresh original creative content
instead we can just re use content that
we have already shared in the past this
is a strategy that we like to call here
at build your tribe and in the insta
clubhub upcycling your content and
upcycling essentially refers to taking
posts that you've already shared things
that you've already posted in the past
and doing one of two things with those
posts either directly reposting them
same caption same audio same everything
you posted it a few months ago post it
again now or number two recreating a
refresh or slightly modified version of
the same idea topic joke whatever so
while the rest of the strategies I'm
going to share with you today relate to
creating new content before we even get
into that I don't want you to forget
about the content you've already posted
in the past in fact a lot of people are
shocked when I share this statistic but
about
75% or three out of four posts that I
share on my own Instagram are upcycled
posts they are either direct reposts of
things I've shared before or they are
Recreations of things that I've already
posted about and that's part of the
secret sauce that allows me to post so
much and so consistently at such a high
quality on Instagram without spending
hours and hours every single day on the
platform I spend the vast majority of my
time living my life or being an actual
CEO of our business rather than just
being a content creator because I don't
have to constantly be coming up with new
content only 20 to 25% of my posts are
new fresh original ideas the majority of
my posts are things that I have already
shared before now let's talk about how
AI can help us upcycle our content my
favorite tool for reposting my content
is metrol now nothing in this episode is
sponsored but Metro Cool does have a
long-standing deal with me and if you
use the code Brock b r o c k in all caps
you can get one month of their Pro
features for free but even if you don't
want to get access to their Pro features
they also have a ton of really awesome
basic features that you can use
indefinitely for free with no discount
code but metrol is what I use to repost
my old posts so essentially everything
that I do post is scheduled in metral
and when I'm ready to repost something I
will either just go to my analytics and
find the post by sorting all of my posts
by views or likes and then pulling out
the ones that have done the best or I
will sometimes quite literally just tap
the back arrow and go back a few months
on the content calendar find a post that
I haven't reposted in a while or that I
know did well or just that I thought
didn't get the love it deserved the
first time and I will schedule it to be
reposted again in the future now if
you're someone who doesn't already use
metrol you're not going to be able to
just easily repost something from the
past so I hope as a bare minimum you
have your content saved somewhere Pro
tip if you're a content creator or a
business owner you need to be saving
every post you make whether it's a lip
sync or an original audio or a dance or
whatever the heck it is you're doing you
need to be saving it in a place that can
be easily accessed preferably something
like Dropbox or Google Drive I actually
do the overkill approach and I use both
Dropbox and Google drive to save and
sort and categorize every single post
that I share that way when I do want to
repost it in the future I can easily go
back to it edit it and pull it from the
past but if you don't do that let's say
this is the first time you've ever
thought about that or heard this tip or
maybe you just haven't ever done that
before before you haven't used metrol
you haven't saved your post from the
past if you need to download something
that you've previously posted onto
Instagram so that you can repost it now
in the present day I want you to use the
website snap
inst. and I know it's doapp but it is a
website again snap
snap I NST snap instaa snap inst. apppp
and you can just put in copy and paste
the link to the Carousel the photo the
real the whatever it is that you've
posted on Instagram it'll take a few
seconds and then you'll be able to
download it I do this all the time for
those of you who are concerned about
like meta data or you know what happens
if you download it and then will
Instagram know it's not that big of a
deal you can repost your own content you
will not be flagged or penalized for
doing so um and just make sure in the
future going forward that you are saving
your content because it will be slightly
lower quality when you use one of these
downloader websites to download your
content after the fact so with this
reposting strategy you could very easily
find five posts from the past that you
could immediately and directly repost
and assuming that it just takes you a
couple minutes to find those posts I
will give you 2 minutes to get this done
but honestly it really shouldn't take
very much time at all because you've
already posted these things you've
already done all the work all you're
doing is tapping a few buttons to make
sure that it's scheduled to be posted
now in the future reposting of course
like I said is just half of upcycling
your content the second half of
upcycling your content the second
strategy of up
is recreating your content sometimes
you're going to want to slightly tweak
things modify things change a word here
or there maybe you want to modify the
caption or the hook things like that
very minor changes but you want the main
theme to be the same or maybe you want
to take a script for a reel that you've
used in the past and you're just going
to recreate it in a different setting or
in a different background or whatever
just kind of create a fresh version
maybe you recently had your hairstyle
change and so you're just going to use
content from the past and recreate it
with your new look that is something
where again I think that you can create
five more posts by recreating which
brings us to a total of 10 posts now and
I would estimate that this would take
you about 15 minutes because for some of
the Recreations it's not going to be as
minor as just editing a caption for some
of these Recreations you might be refilm
an entire Reel with the same script so I
will allot you 15 minutes of time to
recreate or refresh five posts so that
brings us to a total of 10 posts in 17
minutes and I don't want to get ahead of
myself or spoil what we're about to talk
about but you can use what we're about
to talk about which is chat GPT plug
some of your past post ideas or your
past entire scripts or your past
outlines for posts into chat GPT and
then use it to help refresh or recreate
your posts something that I often like
doing is taking an old script or an old
caption from one of my posts on
Instagram I'll put it into chat GPT and
then I'll just give chat GPT a very
basic generic prompt something like take
this script and rewrite it using the
same tone and style but with slightly
different words and a slightly different
hook and then chat GPT will spit out a
slightly modified version of something
that I've already created but that's
enough about upcycling your past content
let's move on to creating new content
I'm about to share with you four
different AI tools that will really help
you create brand new fresh content ideas
in a very short amount of time and the
first one is none other than the bread
and butter the classic the the infamous
chat GPT I think it would be silly of me
to make a video about using AI for
Content creation to not talk about the
OG of AI which is chat GPT and before
the AI crazy people come at me and tell
me that there's AI been around for
decades before chat GPT I know there has
but chat GPT was really the software the
service the app the technology that put
AI on the map at least in terms of the
global perspective and conversation and
it was so popular and still is so
popular because it's effective I have
talked to so many content creators so
many business owners who specifically
work in Ai and they all say as silly as
it sounds they still use chat GPT on a
daily basis and a lot of other AI tools
use chat gpt's knowledge and basic
Foundation to build on top of so by
going straight to the source you're able
to get great content without having to
navigate through the web of 300 new AI
tools that are released on a weekly
basis I know I mentioned this earlier
but in case you didn't download it then
I really want you to go to that link
down in the description below grab those
16 chat GPT prompts cuz those will
really help you with what we're about to
talk about the first thing you're going
to do with chat GPT is you're going to
use the prompts that I just told you
about to help generate ideas these are
just rough ideas of things that you
could talk about and of course you could
provide chat GPT with some starters and
some ideas that you already have but
really you're just using the AI
knowledge to to kind of scan the
internet and summarize some vague ideas
of topics that you could post about then
from there you as the creative as the
business owner as the one with the human
brain you're going to select out the
ones that you want to actually pursue
and I think that a big mistake people
make with AI in general is not only bad
prompts but they blindly follow the
outputs given by the artificial
intelligence they just copy and paste
they use the the script word for word
they copy the essay word for word and
that's where you can get in trouble both
legally in terms of plagiarism and
getting uh you know in trouble in
college for writing papers with AI
speaking of sidebar I wish I had chat
GPT when I was in college chat GPT came
out like two years after I graduated so
a little frustrated on that one I wish I
had it but nonetheless what I'm getting
at here is that you should use chat GPT
as like a partner or an assistant but
not as a director so when you have chat
GPT come up with these ideas for posts
for you you're going to then be the
human and select which posts are good
enough which posts you're going to scrap
Al together and which posts are on the
right track but need some a little bit
of you know TLC to really make sure that
they are fit for your audience and what
you want to post then you're going to
take the ideas that you actually like
that chat GPT helped you come up with
you're going to use some of the prompts
from the download that I told you about
a moment ago and you're going to ask
chat GPT to help you come up with hooks
based off those ideas it's undeniable
that the most important element of any
video or really any kind of content is
the hook I think that you should spend
the majority of your time on your
content refining Your Hooks and so once
we have the idea for our posts generated
by chat GPT we're going to have chat GPT
help us write hooks when Chad GPT is
writing these hooks for you I want you
to give it the following instruction to
keep in mind and they are that your hook
should be around a fifth grade reading
level comprehension and eight words or
less we at the insta Club have now
analyzed thousands of viral Hooks and
from what we've found the best most
effective hooks on the post that do the
best overall get the most views and
engagement are usually eight words or
less and usually at or around a fifth
grade reading level comprehension I will
also add that generally speaking
negative hooks are more effective than
neutral Hooks and neutral hooks are more
effective than positive hooks so I would
also include that in your instruction to
chat GPT write a fifth grade reading
level hook that is around eight words
long and preferably uses a negative word
like don't stop or avoid then once chat
GPT comes up with the hooks that's where
I want you to stop I think a lot of
people will then use chat GPT to write
the entire script and you can I mean you
can do that if you really struggle with
writing scripts but that's where I stop
and that's where I would recommend you
stop as well or at least I would
recommend that you get to the point
where eventually you're stopping there
and you're not also having chat GPT
write the entire script for you I think
when you start to have ai write out your
entire post or create the entire thing
start to finish that's where it can
start to sound a little bit robotic and
mundane and lack your own personality
and flare and storytelling and so I love
using chat GPT for the ideas and the
hooks and then once you have those two
things then you can kind of outline the
rest yourself bullet point the rest come
up with what you want to say um and
maybe even come up with the call to
action on your own as well this is
something that will take some practice
and honestly everything I'm talking to
you about today will take some practice
your first time using AI will be very
very basic and very generic and not very
great but you will get better over time
um you should see some of my early
searches and early prompts within chat
GPT they're very silly uh to look back
on but with some practice I can
realistically say that in about 20
minutes of using the prompts that I have
told you about down in the description
using chat GPT practicing with this sort
of thing you can pretty realistically
create 10 posts in 20 minutes and that
would bring us to a total of 20 posts in
Now 37 minutes I mean realistically you
could create a lot more than 10 posts in
20 minutes but just being uh you know
generous with us here and being very
conservative with this estimate you
could make 10 posts in 20 20 minutes
probably even if it's your first time
ever using chat GPT all right so that
was AI tool number one to help you
create 40 posts in less than an hour AI
tool number two that I'm going to
recommend for you is answer the public
answer the public is kind of like Google
except for it's telling you what
everyone else is Googling it's really
really cool I love answer the public
it's a very very useful tool that I've
been recommending for quite a while now
that essentially gives you lists in
every way imaginable to figure figure
out what people are searching for
relating to a specific topic so all you
have to know going into it by the way
it's answerthepublic.com all you have to
know going into it is a general word or
phrase that relates to your Niche or
industry so I might do Instagram growth
or if I was you know a beginning rock
climber coach I might do rock climbing
or you know I might do cakebaking or
snowboarding or uh princess or whatever
like whatever term relates to your Niche
or industry put that in to answer the
public and I think you get three free
queries per day they might have changed
it so you might have to pay um but you
get at least one free query per day so I
would spend you know spend a minute or
two if you don't already coming up with
one General word or or two words that
describe your Niche or industry and then
answer the public will give you this
massive list of what people are
searching for and it's really cool
because it's broken down in terms of
popularity it's broken down in terms of
questions it's broken down in terms of
of comparisons alphabetical and so from
answer the public you're able to gain
insight into your consumer's mind you're
able to gain insight into what your
followers are actually looking for not
what you want them to be looking for but
what they're actually looking for what
questions are they actually having and
even more important than that how are
they asking these questions what words
are they using what phrases are they
using and from all of this you can get
ideas for Content you can either use
your own brain and creativity to draw
ideas from this or you can take some of
these popular search queries copy them
paste them into chat GPT and then give
it a prompt along the lines of from
these popular Search terms what post
ideas can you help me come up with for
Instagram then you can just follow the
same steps as before pick out the best
ideas have chat GPT come up with some
hooks for you and then get to recording
answer the public is super super easy to
use like I said this is something that I
don't imagine would take you very long
at all but being generous I could
realistically see you coming up with 10
posts from answer the public and being
generous I would say it takes you about
15 minutes to do so so now we're at a
total of 30 posts in 52 minutes now as
we inch closer to the 40 post mark in
less than 60 minutes I will share with
you my third AI tool and again this one
is not one uh that is sponsoring this
episode of the podcast but they are a
company that I have worked with before
and I've experimented with a few
different softwares and tools that offer
similar capabilities or at least they
you know promise similar outcomes to
this company but this is the one that I
found to be the best and essentially
what this tool is going to do is it's
going to take long form content and
automatically edit it for you into short
form content the one I'm going to
recommend is called Munch it's available
at
gun.com G tmu NCH and if you use code
Brock 15 make sure Brock is all caps
Brock 15 you can get 15% off but why do
I recommend Munch because there are
other tools probably the most popular
alternative is called Opus AI the reason
I recommend Munch is that the AI
powering Munch is far more sophisticated
so it's going to do a better job of
editing your video it's going to do a
better job of pulling out the best
moments from your long form video and
then my favorite is it gives you
analytics once it's done creating these
clips it gives you analytics into which
Clips are most likely to be trending
which ones are most likely to be popular
which ones are most likely to be
searched for based off the key words
that you are saying in the clip so if
you're someone who makes YouTube videos
or podcast or even if you're someone who
just goes live or even if you're someone
who just like records really long videos
and then goes back and cuts them up
later I would highly highly highly
recommend using Munch it's a huge
timesaver I take episodes of this
podcast episodes of my other podcast
social media money makers videos from
our YouTube Channel videos from speaking
on stage you name it if I record a video
that's more than 10 minutes long I'll
probably upload it to munch and have
Munch automatically split it up for me
it will then essentially watch the
entire video pull out the key moments
analyze them for comprehension because
it doesn't just want you know some
random you know 60-second clip that
doesn't make sense it wants a a
60-second clip that's actually going to
make sense and be comprehensive able and
be coherent um and then as long as it's
coherent and it makes sense it will add
close captions it will add croing it
will track it for you it's a very very
useful tool and then you can just make
little edits if you do have some like
you can you know edit the captions or
cut a little part of the video off or
add a little part of the video if it
gets cut off at the end or whatever
export it and it's ready to go really
you hardly have to do any work at all
for this all you have to do is drag in
the video and then just wait for it to
create the content for you
so that should only take you about 2
minutes and from it you could easily
generate five posts so now we're at a
total of 35 posts in 54 minutes and last
but not least in order to create the
final five posts in our final 6 minutes
here I'm going to recommend a tool which
is probably most aligned with what you
envision when you hear create a post
using Ai and I say that because this
tool literally will create an entire
post post for you based off the prompt
you give it and this tool is called
invidio I NV d o invidio doai and what
nid AI allows you to do is enter in a
prompt what you wanted to create so you
could say something like create a 25
second Instagram reel about the three
most common issues when learning how to
snowboard those three issues are and you
can list off what the three issues are
please start the video with a fifth
grade reading level comprehension
negative hook that is about eight words
long and please end the video with a
call to action encouraging the viewers
to save the post and then when you hit
enter it'll take a few minutes you know
it'll load it might even ask you some
clarifying questions and it will create
a video for you that's pretty impressive
the actual video clips that it is using
are stock videos so sometimes yes it can
feel a little bit robotic but it will
also create a voice over and the
voiceover the another really cool part
it can either be in like a pre- uh
recorded sound like it can be like in a
male Australian accent or like a female
British accent or like a teenage
American accent you can just tell it
what voiceover uh accent you want it to
have or this one of my favorite tools
you can upload your own voice and then
it is able to use your voice on only
your projects this is another thing that
people on my Instagram got confused they
were like wait so now anyone can use
your your voice for their videos no you
only get to use your voice for your
videos and no one else can have access
to it but you can upload a sample of
yourself talking and it's really
impressive the way it can pull out your
voice and create new words uh in a new
video with a new transcript that sounds
just like you so this is something that
I like to use and if you're someone
who's like a faceless content creator or
you have a business that you don't put
your face on camera this can be a really
really useful tool for you really useful
tool for creating new content and a
great idea that came from one of my
followers was you can take out the
voiceover and put it on a different
video so if you don't like the generic
stock videos that they use in in video
um by the way I should say those stock
videos they're using they're going to be
related to the video so if I made a
video about like beginner snowboarder
mistakes they're going to put clips of
people snowboarding as the stock images
um but what you could do is is save the
video and then just pull out the audio
so now you have a voice over of yourself
or maybe of a different person with a
different accent but talking about what
you want them to talk about so that if
you're someone who struggles to be
succinct on camera or you struggle to uh
you know have camera confidence and
record yourself and you stumble over
your words and you're long-winded this
would be a really really useful tool for
you to check out again it's called nid
Ai and you could very easily create five
posts in 6 minutes using this tool to
round out your hour of content creat
and round out your total of 40 Instagram
posts now I will admit these are just
some of the AI tools that I use on a
daily basis there are a handful of other
ones I do have those linked up in the
description below with the 10 mustt try
AI tools like my favorite artificial
intelligence tools besides the ones I
listed like chat GPT and Nido AI uh that
full list of 10 will give you some more
ideas if you're not quite loving the
ideas I gave you today or if you just
want some additional uh tools and
software to even create even more
content and even less time using AI but
if nothing else I hope that today's
episode showed you that it is possible
to create content in a short amount of
time and using tools like artificial
intelligence can help make that process
even simpler and even easier thank you
so much for listening today I appreciate
you don't forget to download those free
guides down below and I'll see you in
our next
episode
[Music]